[master < E-add-neighbors] Add docs for neighbors module (#998)
memgraph/docs: mage/query-modules/cpp/neighbors.md

[![docs-source](https://img.shields.io/badge/source-neighbors-FB6E00?logo=github&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/tree/main/cpp/neighbors_module)

| Trait               | Value                                                 |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| **Module type**     | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**algorithm**</Highlight>  |
| **Implementation**  | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**C++**</Highlight>        |
| **Graph direction** | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**directed**</Highlight>/<Highlight color="#FB6E00">**undirected**</Highlight> |
| **Edge weights**    | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**weighted**</Highlight>/<Highlight color="#FB6E00">**unweighted**</Highlight> |
| **Parallelism**     | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**sequential**</Highlight> |

### Procedures

### `at_hop(node, rel_type, distance)`

Returns nodes that are at a specific distance from a given node, considering only the relationships of a specified type.

#### Input:

> - `node: Node` ➡ node whose neighborhood is being analyzed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `node: Node` ➡ node for which neighborhood is being analyzed.
```

nodes are not persons

Reviewer: can you please change that across all of your prs?

- `rel_type: List[string]` ➡ list of relationship types to travel through; if empty, it is possible to travel through all types of relationships.
- `distance: int` ➡ number of hops between nodes.

:::info

If '<' is added in front of the relationship type, only relationships coming into the node will be checked (e.g., "<KNOWS"), while if '>' is added at the end of the relationship type, only relationships coming from the node will be checked (e.g., "KNOWS>"). Furthermore, if the relationship type is not relevant, it is possible to enter only "<" or ">" to check ingoing or outgoing relationships.

:::

#### Output:

- `nodes: Node` ➡ nodes at a specific distance from a given node.

#### Usage:

```cypher
MATCH (p:Person)
CALL neighbors.at_hop(p, ["KNOWS"], 3) YIELD nodes RETURN nodes;
```

### `by_hop(node, rel_type, distance)`

> Returns nodes that are at every distance (up to a specified number) from a given node, considering only the relationships of a specified type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns nodes that are at any or up to a specific distance from a given node, considering only the relationships of a specified type.
```

[![docs-source](https://img.shields.io/badge/source-neighbors-FB6E00?logo=github&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/memgraph/mage/tree/main/cpp/neighbors_module)

| Trait               | Value                                                 |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| **Module type**     | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**algorithm**</Highlight>  |
| **Implementation**  | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**C++**</Highlight>        |
| **Graph direction** | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**directed**</Highlight>/<Highlight color="#FB6E00">**undirected**</Highlight> |
| **Edge weights**    | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**weighted**</Highlight>/<Highlight color="#FB6E00">**unweighted**</Highlight> |
| **Parallelism**     | <Highlight color="#FB6E00">**sequential**</Highlight> |

### Procedures

### `at_hop(node, rel_type, distance)`

Returns nodes that are at a specific distance from a given node, considering only the relationships of a specified type.

#### Input:

> - `node: Node` ➡ node whose neighborhood is being analyzed
> - `rel_type: List[string]` ➡ list of relationship types to travel through; if empty, it is possible to travel through all types of relationships
> - `distance: int` ➡ number of hops between nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `node: Node` ➡ node whose neighborhood is being analyzed.
- `rel_type: List[string]` ➡ list of relationship types to travel through; if empty, it is possible to travel through all types of relationships.
- `distance: int` ➡ number of hops between nodes.
```

:::info

If '<' is added in front of the relationship type, only relationships coming into the node will be checked (e.g., "<KNOWS"), while if '>' is added at the end of the relationship type, only relationships coming from the node will be checked (e.g., "KNOWS>"). Furthermore, if the relationship type is not relevant, it is possible to enter only "<" or ">" to check ingoing or outgoing relationships.

:::

#### Output:

> - `nodes: Node` ➡ nodes at a specific distance from a given node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nodes: Node` ➡ nodes at a specific distance from a given node.
```

#### Usage:

```cypher
MATCH (p:Person)
CALL neighbors.at_hop(p, ["KNOWS"], 3) YIELD nodes
RETURN nodes;
```

### `by_hop(node, rel_type, distance)`

Returns nodes that are at every distance (up to a specified number) from a given node, considering only the relationships of a specified type.

#### Input:

> - `node: Node` ➡ node whose neighborhood is being analyzed
> - `rel_type: List[string]` ➡ list of relationship types to travel through; if empty, it is possible to travel through all types of relationships
> - `distance: int` ➡ maximum number of hops between nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `node: Node` ➡ node whose neighborhood is being analyzed.
- `rel_type: List[string]` ➡ list of relationship types to travel through; if empty, it is possible to travel through all types of relationships.
- `distance: int` ➡ maximum number of hops between nodes.
```

:::info

If '<' is added in front of the relationship type, only relationships coming into the node will be checked (e.g., "<KNOWS"), while if '>' is added at the end of the relationship type, only relationships coming from the node will be checked (e.g., "KNOWS>"). Furthermore, if the relationship type is not relevant, it is possible to enter only "<" or ">" to check ingoing or outgoing relationships.

:::

#### Output:

> - `nodes: List[Node]` ➡ list of nodes at a specific distance from a given node, starting from distance 1 up to a provided distance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nodes: List[Node]` ➡ list of nodes at a specific distance from a given node, starting from distance 1 up to a provided distance.
```
